EVM Report for Documentation - DotMatrix (#76)
hicommonwealth/edgeware-documentation: docs/edgeware-runtime/evm/README.md

# EVM

> Edgeware has a pallet that allows developers to write EVM smart-contracts. This means that you can use Edgeware as you would with Ethereum. Edgeware is fully compatibility with Ethereum's Web3 API and EVM. Here we'll walk through a few subtle differences with Ethereum. Namely that Edgeware has a Proof of Stake-based consensus mechanism. This shouldn't affect you if you're building a DeFi or NFT based application. See our related documentation on [proof-of-stake](https://docs.edgewa.re/edgeware-runtime/consensus). In the following sections we detail Edgeware&lt;&gt;EVM Compatibiltiy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Edgeware has a pallet that allows developers to write EVM smart-contracts. This means that you can use Edgeware as you would with Ethereum. Edgeware is fully compatible with Ethereum's Web3 API and EVM. Here, we'll walk through a few subtle differences between Edgeware and Ethereum. Namely, Edgeware has a Proof of Stake-based consensus mechanism. This shouldn't affect you if you're building a DeFi or NFT based application. See our related documentation on [proof-of-stake](https://docs.edgewa.re/edgeware-runtime/consensus). In the following sections we detail Edgeware&lt;&gt;EVM Compatibiltiy.
```
